But I feel like
They only let you put like two things in it though.
yeah and it's a smaller bagel too it's not like a big bagel
study bagel.
oh oh oh oh oh oh
Yeah, I don't know
I don't think I'm going to be able to cook lunch for myself every day.
Well, I was thinking oh to cook.
mmm
I know, but you have to prepare. That's exactly what I'm talking about.
Well, yeah for sure
But it's like still you're taking time to like prepare, you know?
mmmm
I feel like I was thinking like lunch. I let myself
get stuff on campus, but keep that kind of night garden a bit on myself.
Cuz like I've been surviving with that so like
I'll just keep going in the same places I always go to for lunch.
And then, well, I've been doing it same order
But like your paying for your swipes excessive paying
oh yeah I'm not paying for my own food
Sorry, I don't, I don't pay for my food.
Like next year, I don't think I'm paying for my food Yeah.
Yeah, I was shocked. Ren said he pays for his groceries.
But like he he has to cook for himself for the weekends right now in his apartment.
Like, he's actually cooler. No, you're just like buying food?
Oh, your bank, oh for you, ahm!
um
but like buying all the groceries is so expensive around here
mmmm
Like it's mainly Trader Joe's or Ralphs.
That's true. I guess in that, they do just
Yeah. Hope it's expensive.
yeah, you should try for sure there
yeah
Are you going to keep watching that BTF?
Mm. Yeah, that's true.
yeah
I don't know how it's gonna work. I've never like done groceries with my parents.
Like I've never had to buy my own groceries, so I've never had like
oh we're gonna do an allowance for groceries like there's no set rule for that
Because I've never done it before.
I feel like they'll just let me do what I think is good and if they notice I'm spending too much they'll just
Think, ***Yeah.
mm
I if want to get a lot of natto.
I wanna eat bagels, a lot of eggs.
I feel like I'm gonna make a lot of stir-frying
because I love stir fry. all
All I need is stir fry and rice.
And I'm happy too. It looks so good.
So good, so good. And you could like you prepare food to you
But like you can't meal prep too much because the freezer and the fridge have limited space.
Hopefully home food
Even if it's poor people?
Who?
Wouldn't everyone have to cook? What would you do?
Every day? For all three meals?
That's crazy.
And like the Westwood food isn't even cheap.
But DoorDash is expensive. So there's no point. That's the same thing as eating at Westwood. yeah
I know. Tastes better?
But like, who has money for that?
I don't. Huhuhahahah crazy.
You shouldn't eat ramen every day though.
yes yes yes
Yeah, I'm kind of worried. yeah
yeah
No, like part of me wants to get off. I'm just worried about it. It's not like...
I was set on not wanting to do it. I was just worried about it.
Yeah..I know, I'm just like, I'm not used to having to go grocery shopping, you know?
I feel like cooking will like be the same amount of waiting in the freaking dining halls.
It's like